[OSDOCS-3505] ShiftStack NFV UX improvements (#46276)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-openstack-sr-iov-requirements.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_openstack/installing-openstack-nfv-preparing

> :_content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer: Also not a procedure.

Author: ```suggestion
:_content-type: REFERENCE
```

[id="installation-openstack-sr-iov-requirements_{context}"]
= Requirements for clusters on {rh-openstack} that use SR-IOV

To use single-root I/O virtualization (SR-IOV) with your deployment, you must meet the following requirements:

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html-single/network_functions_virtualization_planning_and_configuration_guide/index#assembly_sriov_parameters[Plan your RHOSP SR-IOV deployment].

Author: ```suggestion
* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html-single/network_functions_virtualization_planning_and_configuration_guide/index#assembly_sriov_parameters[Plan your {rh-openstack-first} SR-IOV deployment].
```

> * NICs that you use must be link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/networking/hardware_networks/about-sriov.html[supported by OCP].

Reviewer: You can't hard-link to docs.openshift.com URLs. And OCP is forbidden - use `{product-title}` throughout.

Author: ```suggestion
* {product-title} must support the NICs that you use. For a list of supported NICs, see "About Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) hardware networks" in the "Hardware networks" subsection of the "Networking" documentation.
```

> * For each OCP node that will have an attached SR-IOV NIC, your RHOSP cluster must have:

Reviewer: RHOSP should be `{rh-openstack}` throughout.

Author: ```suggestion
* For each OCP node that will have an attached SR-IOV NIC, your {rh-openstack} cluster must have:
```

>    ** One instance from the RHOSP quota

Author: ```suggestion
   ** One instance from the {rh-openstack} quota
```

   ** One port attached to the machines subnet
   **  One port for each SR-IOV Virtual Function
   ** A flavor with at least 16 GB memory, 4 vCPUs, and 25 GB storage space

> * SR-IOV deployments often employ performance optimizations, such as dedicated or isolated CPUs. For maximum performance, configure your underlying RHOSP deployment to use these optimizations, and then run OpenShift Container Platform compute machines on the optimized infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SR-IOV deployments often employ performance optimizations, such as dedicated or isolated CPUs. For maximum performance, configure your underlying RHOSP deployment to use these optimizations, and then run {product-title} compute machines on the optimized infrastructure.
```

> ** For more information about configuring performant RHOSP compute nodes, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html-single/configuring_the_compute_service_for_instance_creation/configuring-compute-nodes-for-performance#configuring-compute-nodes-for-performance[Configuring Compute nodes for performance].

Author: I'm going to bulk replace all "RHOSP" mentions in a sec.
